TO DO:

    disconn handling OK

    story ON

        lv 1, finding mates, trade

        lv 10, focus on exploration
            Naples, bar,
                Tommy: So, it's called Mount Vesuvius right?
                John: Right.
                Charlie: Mount Vesurvivors?
                Amy: Mount Vesuvius...
                Charlie: Yep, that's what I mean.
                Tommy: Located at 40N 14e.
                John: I like your writing style. Everything is organized and it's easy
                      to find and recognize the details. But what's the point of
                      writing all the discoveries down? After seeing one, I just remember it.
                Tommy: It's for people who don't have a chance to see for themselves
                      like Mr. Gary. I know words often fail at capturing the elegance of a discovery,
                      but they have their advantages.
                Amy: Like they are cheap?
                Charlie: Like they can not be dangerous?
                Tommy: Like they can last long if they are written properly.

                Someone: Do you guys know Pompei?
                Charlie: Pompei?
                Someone: It's a city close to Mount Vesuvius. The whole city was destroyed by the
                       eruption of Mount Vesuvius a long time ago. Many people were buried under
                       ashes.
                Amy: uh...
                Tommy: An eruption might be a sight to watch from a distance, but if you get too
                       close, you get yourself in trouble.

                Someone: Do you guys know Mount Fuji?
                Charlie: What's that?
                Tommy: I hear it's a volcano in Japan.
                Someone: Yes. I once passed it on my ship many years ago. It was a cloudy day.
                        The peak was covered in fog. It was just beautiful. I remember it's at around
                        39N	139e.

            Sakai, bar,
                Tommy: Mount Fuji, 39N	139e.
                John: Tommy, what's so interesting about volcanoes? We came all the way here, and
                      just saw another volcano.
                Tommy: If you have seen enough examples of volcanoes, when you see a new volcano,
                      you can predict this new volcano's behavior based on the examples. Acurate
                      predictions can save lives.
                Amy: Wow.
                Charlie: Wow...






        lv 20, while exploring, overhears his's father's killer, Nicolas Fernandez
               decides to pursue Nicolas

            Caracas, bar
                Sebastian: Robert. Robert... Robert!!! Wake the heck up! I can't believe
                    you got drunk. This is the first time I see you drunk.
                Robert: Oh, Sebastian. Sebastian... My dearest brother.
                Sebastian: Are... are you crying? My goodness. You gotta be crying.
                    I can't believe you are crying. I can't believe the world's most notorius
                    and handsome pirate is crying. Has Betty left you?
                Robert: You know nothing. Sebastion. Take a look at this incredible post.
                Sebastian: Whaaat? Looks like the English Navy has just added another person
                     to the wanted list. This Nicolas Fernandez of the Spanish Navy. A bounty
                     of 1100 Gold Ingots will be kindly provided for anyone who can bring him
                     to London, dead or alive. 1100? I remember your bounty is 1050.
                Robert: I'm ruined. I'm done. My life has just met its lowest valley. I'm no
                     longer the most wanted man in the world!
                Sebastioon: That's true. You are second now. Congratulations! You may enjoy
                    a longer life due to the shift of the world's attention.
                Robert: ... Thank you, my brother. I feel better now, regardless of whether
                    a longer life is worth living.

                Robert: Now, when I come to think of it, I wonder how this Nicolas Fernandez
                    managed to surpass my position.
                Sebastion: I heard the Spanish Navy caught the English Navy by surprise
                    some time ago. The English Navy suffered significant loss. Five ships of the line
                    were sunk. One ship was heavily damaged but still managed to escape
                    in rather desperate situations. Even
                    the Spanish talked about this ship with astonishment.
                Sebastion: Ah... I remember.
                Sebastion: Endurance. It's HMS Endurance.
                Sebastion: You may have plundered lots of English merchant ships without arms.
                    Nicolas Fernandez most likely commanded a fleet that dealt a heavy blow to
                    the formidable English Navy.
                Robert: I see. I'll practice more. I'll get up tomorrow at 4 am. And you'll come
                    with me.

            Caracas, inn
                Amy: These pirates are kind of cute.
                Charlie: 1100, isn't it? 1100 gold ingots for the head of Nicolas Fernandez.
                    I'm interested. Robert's bounty of 1050 looks OK but he seems weak. He's
                    not worth my time.
                Tommy: I like your confidence. But don't underestimate Nicolas. You have no
                    idea what you are dealing with.
                John: Let's find out what we are dealing with.
                Tommy: Alright. Alright. But where is he?
                Amy: My friend Mila works at the bar in Havana. That bar's often filled with
                    Spanish sailors. She might know.
                John: Let's go.

            Havana, bar
                Amy: Hey, Mila. Mila! It's Amy!
                Mila: Oh, Amy! Is that really you? I'm so happy to see you again!
                    Have you come for the tobacco here?
                Amy: Tobacco... I almost forgot. Havana has the best tobacco in the world.
                    If we trade ...
                Charlie: Um.. Um... Nicolas. Nicolas...
                Amy: Aye. Right. Do you know a Spanish guy called Nicolas Fernandez?
                Mila: Admiral Fernandez of the Spanish Navy? Of course. His fleet just sailed
                    south from here about a week ago. I hurried to the harbor and witnessed the
                    departure. There were 10 battle ships, all fully armored. The sailors lined
                    up by the side of the ships and soluted the harbor just as the sun rose
                    above the horizon in a partly cloudy day. The clouds were purple, red, and
                    golden.
                Amy: Do you know where he's headed?
                Mila: I heard multiple versions of their destination. They are likely all fake.
                Amy: True. You don't easily predict the operation of a navy fleet.
                    Thank you anyway.
                Mila: You are welcome.



        lv 30, found Nicolas, heavily wounded in an inn. his mates try their best to
            protect him, evidence indicates he's an honorable man

            decides to forgive him


            Dili, bar
                Charlie: I love the beer here. They must have added spice in it.
                Amy: John, can you open the window a bit more? I think the warm breeze should
                    be good for all of us.
                John: Sure.
                Tommy: I found a strange crab on the beach this morning. It has a shell on its back.
                    When it saw a bigger shell, it replaced its original shell with the bigger shell.
                Amy: Did you congratulate the crab for moving to a bigger house?

                Sailor A: We have been on this little island for 2 weeks. I'm getting bored.
                    When are we leaving?
                Sailor B: Have you not heard? Admiral Fernandez was shot in the thigh by a poisonous
                    arrow a few days ago while exploring the island. He's still unconscious at the inn.
                    The culprit, most likely someone from the local tribe, remains unidentified.
                Sailor A: Jesus Christ. God bless admiral Fernandez. I can't imagine a world without him.
                    None of us would have survived to this day if not for his sake.
                Sailor B: He's a tough guy. And we have doctor Sanchez. He'll be fine. Just give hime some
                    time.

            Dili, harbor
                Charlie: After all this seeking around the edges of the world, he's finally within our reach.
                Tommy: His room must be heavily guarded.
                Charlie: Not really if you lure the guards away.
                Tommy: How?
                Charlie: Can you wear like a local and send an arrow to his window? But don't
                    run too fast, lest the guards lose you.
                Amy: Sounds like a good idea.
                John: Then we should be able to handle any remaining guards.

            Dili, inn
                Charlie: Tommy, are you ready?
                Tommy: Yep.
                Charlie: 3
                Charlie: 2
                Charlie: 1
                Charlie: Go!
                Guard A: Who's there!
                Guard B: Another arrow? Looks like the culprit is back. You stay here. Others, follow me!
                Guard A: Yes Sir.
                Guard A: Ah...
                Charlie: So easy.
                Sanchez: Guards! Guards!!! ... Who are you? What do you want?
                Charlie: We are your enemy. We want the head of admiral Fernandez. You must be
                    his doctor. We just want him. If you step aside, we'll leave you be.

                Sanchez: Yes. I'm his doctor. I think you came at the perfect time.
                    He's right there on his bed. And I promise you, there will be no resistance
                    of any kind.
                John: So he's still unconscious.
                Sanchez: If you had come earlier today, you would have seen him sitting on bed. I
                    just did a third operation which removed his entire right leg to deal with the infection.
                    I have tried my best, but the infection kept coming back. I have not lived up to his
                    trust in me. I'm not even sure if he will make it this time.
                    I hope he will, so his daughter can see his father again.
                Amy: He has a daughter?
                Sanchez: Garcia, if I remember correct. I've only seen her a few times, when she was born,
                    when she was just beginning to speak. Now she's about your age I guess.
                Charlie: You have no idea how many lives he took from the English Navy. And ... What's
                    lying on the bed is 1100 gold ingots.
                Charlie: One thousand plus one hundred... gold ingots.
                Charlie: How often do you see that many ingots lying on a bed?
                Charlie: Amy, how many rounds of trading do we need to make a profit equal to
                    that amount?
                Amy: No... No!!! Charlie, you can't do that.
                Charlie: Of course I can. Just close your eyes. Doctor, step aside. You stand no
                 chance against me.
                John: Charlie.
                Charlie: What?
                John: We can't do that. I want his head as you do. But it's just his job to fight the English Navy, like it's
                    the English Navy's job to fight the Spanish Navy. If you want the bounty,
                    win him at sea.
                Amy: Let's go Charlie.
                Charlie: ... Aye. Aye..



        lv 40, the end, John makes a tomb on an island, speaks to his father, in response to
            the letter at the beginning of the game

            Guam, harbor
                Charlie: Nice beach!
                Amy: I like the sands and the waves here.
                Tommy: Oh. Look, there's a cross over there.
                Amy: Edward Smith, carpenter on HMS Endurance, 1564-1605.

                John: I erected this for my dad. He lost his life in battle and was buried at sea.
                    I made this just so I have a place to mourn him.

                John: Dear Dad, How are you?

                John: How's life at the bottom of the ocean? Have you
                    discovered Atlantis?

                John: The world in which I live has changed a lot. Many
                    discoveries have been made. It's a much more convenient world than it used to be.

                John: I've grown up. I think I'm a little taller than you were now. I've made new friends
                    like Charlie and Amy. I did visit Tommy, and we are still helping each other out.
                    I've read many interesting books and visited many beautiful places. I hope you saw them
                    through my eyes.

                John: You've been a wonderful dad. I'm grateful for having you in my life. I like your parenting
                    style. Sometimes strict, but other times we were like friends. I liked to share with you my discoveries.

                John: I wish to become someone like you. I'll try.









DONE:

    events OK


cmds
    # compile .proto file
    protoc --python_out=. .\login.proto

    # git push
    git config --global --unset https.proxy
    git config --global https.proxy 127.0.0.1:1080
    git push


libs needed:
    front end
        pygame, pygamegui
    network
        protobuf
    back end
        asyncio, sqlalchemy

